[Backport Foxy] Update QD (#471)
ros2/rmw_fastrtps: rmw_fastrtps_cpp/QUALITY_DECLARATION.md

* `rmw_fastrtps_shared_cpp`: [QUALITY DECLARATION](https://github.com/ros2/rmw_fastrtps/blob/foxy/rmw_fastrtps_shared_cpp/QUALITY_DECLARATION.md)
* `rosidl_runtime_c`: [QUALITY DECLARATION](https://github.com/ros2/rosidl/blob/foxy/rosidl_runtime_c/QUALITY_DECLARATION.md)
* `rosidl_runtime_cpp`: [QUALITY DECLARATION](https://github.com/ros2/rosidl/blob/foxy/rosidl_runtime_cpp/QUALITY_DECLARATION.md)
* `rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c`: [QUALITY DECLARATION](https://github.com/ros2/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps/blob/foxy/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/QUALITY_DECLARATION.md)
* `rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp`: [QUALITY DECLARATION](https://github.com/ros2/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps/blob/foxy/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/QUALITY_DECLARATION.md)

It has several "buildtool" dependencies, which do not affect the resulting quality of the package, because they do not contribute to the public library API.
It also has several test dependencies, which do not affect the resulting quality of the package, because they are only used to build and run the test code.

### Direct Runtime Non-ROS Dependencies [5.iii]

`rmw_fastrtps_cpp` has the following runtime non-ROS dependencies.

> * `fastcdr`: *eProsima Fast CDR* claims to be Quality Level 2. For more information, please refer to its [QUALITY DECLARATION](https://github.com/eProsima/Fast-CDR/blob/foxy/QUALITY.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `fastcdr`: *eProsima Fast CDR* claims to be Quality Level 2. For more information, please refer to its [QUALITY DECLARATION](https://github.com/eProsima/Fast-CDR/blob/master/QUALITY.md)
```
Foxy ros2.repos uses release tag v1.0.13 for eProsima Fast CDR. Therefore, you can link to the master Quality Declaration.

> * `fastrtps`: *eProsima Fast DDS* claims to be Quality Level 2. For more information, please refer to its [QUALITY DECLARATION](https://github.com/eProsima/Fast-DDS/blob/foxy/QUALITY.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `fastrtps`: *eProsima Fast DDS* claims to be Quality Level 2. For more information, please refer to its [QUALITY DECLARATION](https://github.com/eProsima/Fast-DDS/blob/2.0.x/QUALITY.md)
```

Foxy ros2.repos uses branch <2.0.x> for eProsima Fast DDS.
